                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                               CITY PLANNING COMMISSION                             
                               REGULAR MEETING AGENDA                               
                          THURSDAY, AUGUST 26, 2021 after 8:30 a.m.                 
                                 (via TELECONFERENCE)                               
                                                                                    
      Meeting presentation will be made available here (https://tinyurl.com/CPC8-26-21) by Monday, August 23, 2021
                 Compliant Day of Submissions will be added to this drive as they are received
       Samantha Millman, President                      Vincent P. Bertoni, AICP, Director
       Caroline Choe, Vice President                  Shana M. M. Bonstin, Deputy Director
       Jenna Hornstock, Commissioner                  Arthi L. Varma, AICP, Deputy Director
       Helen Leung, Commissioner                     Lisa M. Webber, AICP, Deputy Director
       Yvette López-Ledesma, Commissioner                                           
       Karen Mack, Commissioner                                                     
       Dana Perlman, Commissioner               Cecilia Lamas, Commission Executive Assistant
       Renee Dake Wilson, Commissioner                              cpc@lacity.org  
       Vacant, Commissioner                                         (213) 978-1299  
                                                                                    
       POLICY FOR DESIGNATED PUBLIC HEARING ITEMS:                                  
       In conformity with the Governor's Executive Order N-29-20 (March 17, 2020) and due to concerns over COVID-19, the
       City Planning Commission meeting will be conducted using zoom webinar and telephonically.
       CITY PLANNING COMMISSION MEETINGS CAN BE LISTENED TO BY DIALING (213) 621-2489 OR (818) 904-9450.
       YOU CAN ALSO VIEW THE MEETING ONLINE VIA ZOOM AT: (https://planning-lacity-org.zoom.us/j/85485512730)
       AND USE MEETING ID: 854 8551 2730 AND MEETING PASSCODE: 187981.              
                                                                                    
       Members of the public who wish to participate in the meeting and offer public comment to the City Planning Commission,
       can either access the link located above or call (213) 338-8477 or (669) 900-9128 and use Meeting ID No. 854 8551 2730
       and then press #. Press # again when prompted for participant ID. You may use Meeting Passcode: 187981.
       Pursuant to the Commission’s general operating procedures, the Commission at times must necessarily limit the speaking
       times of those presenting testimony on either side of an issue that is designated as a public hearing item. In all instances,
       however, equal time is allowed for presentation of pros and cons of matters to be acted upon.
       Written submissions are governed by Rule 4.3 of the City Planning Commission Rules and Operating Procedures which
       are posted online at https://planning.lacity.org, by selecting “About”, “Commissioners”, “City Planning Commission”, and
       “Operating Procedures”. However, please see revised submission guidelines below which have been modified in order to
       accommodate the conduct of the meeting telephonically.                       
       Initial Submissions, not limited as to volume, must be received by the Commission Executive Assistant no later than by
       4:00 p.m. on the Monday prior to the week of the Commission meeting. Materials must be emailed to cpc@lacity.org.
       Secondary Submissions in response to a Staff Recommendation Report or additional comments must be received
       electronically no later than 48-hours before the Commission meeting. Submissions shall not exceed ten (10) pages,
       including exhibits, and must be submitted electronically to cpc@lacity.org. Photographs do not count toward the page
       limitation. Day of Hearing Submissions within 48 hours of the meeting, up to and including the day of the meeting are
       limited to 2 pages plus accompanying photographs and must be submitted electronically to cpc@lacity.org. Submissions
       that do not comply with these rules will be stamped “File Copy. Non-Complying Submission.” Non-complying
       submissions will be placed into the official case file, but they will not be delivered to or considered by the Commission, and
       will not be included in the official administrative record for the item at issue.
       The Commission may RECONSIDER and alter its action taken on items listed herein at any time during this meeting or
       during the next regular meeting, in accordance with the Commission Rules and Operating Procedures and provided that
       the Commission retains jurisdiction over the case. If a Commission meeting is canceled or adjourned due to lack of quorum,
       all remaining agenda items shall be continued to the next regular meeting or beyond as long as the continuance is within
       the legal time limits of the case or cases.                                  
       Requests for reasonable modification or accommodation from individuals with disabilities, consistent with the
       Americans with Disabilities Act can be made by contacting the Commission Executive Assistant at (213) 978-1299 or by
       email at cpc@lacity.org no later than three working days (72 hours) prior to the meeting. For Telecommunication Relay
       Services for the hearing impaired, please see the information located on the last page of this agenda.
       If you challenge these agenda items in court, you may be limited to raising only those issues you or someone else raised
       at the public hearing agenized here, or in written correspondence on these matters delivered to this agency at or prior to
       the public hearing.                                                          
       If you seek judicial review of any decision of the City pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1094.5, the
       petition for writ of mandate pursuant to that section must be filed no later than the 90th day following the date on which the
<PAGE BREAK>
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
       City's decision became final pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1094.6. There may be other time limits
       which also affect your ability to seek judicial review.                      
       Agendas and Adopted Minutes are available on line at http://planning.lacity.org, by selecting “About”, “Commissions,
       Boards & Hearings”, filter by “City Planning Commission”. For additional information regarding the format of this telephonic
       public meeting, please visit our website at http://planning.lacity.org.      
                                                                                    
       If you would like to receive a determination letter for any item on today’s agenda, please email your request
       to cpc@lacity.org. Please include your contact information (email or mailing address) and the case number associated
       with the item.                                                               
       Información en español acerca de esta junta puede ser obtenida llamando al (213) 978-1300. Servicios de
       traducción al español están disponibles, de ser solicitados con un mínimo de 72 horas de anticipación, en todas
       las juntas de la comisión.                                                   
                                                                                    
       1.   DIRECTOR’S REPORT AND COMMISSION BUSINESS                               
                                                                                    
            • Update on City Planning Commission Status Reports and Active Assignments
              - LACP Report on City Council Actions for Entitlement Cases Considered by the CPC
                                                                                    
            • Legal actions and issues update                                       
                                                                                    
            • Other Items of Interest                                               
                                                                                    
            • Advance Calendar                                                      
                                                                                    
            • Commission Requests                                                   
                                                                                    
            • Meeting Minutes – August 12, 2021                                     
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
       2.   NEIGHBORHOOD COUNCIL PRESENTATION                                       
                                                                                    
            Presentation by Neighborhood Council representatives on any Neighborhood Council resolution,
            or community impact statement filed with the City Clerk, which relates to any agenda item listed or
            being considered on this agenda. The Neighborhood Council representative shall provide the
            Board or Commission with a copy of the Neighborhood Council's resolution or community impact
            statement by email to cpc@lacity.org. At the Chair's discretion, presentations of Neighborhood
            Councils on any matter listed on the agenda for this Commission meeting may be taken at the time
            the agenda item is taken for consideration.                             
                                                                                    
       3.   GENERAL PUBLIC COMMENT                                                  
                                                                                    
            The Commission shall provide an opportunity in open meetings for the public to address it on non-
            agenda items, for a cumulative total of up to thirty (30) minutes, on items of interest to the public
            that are within the subject matter jurisdiction of the Commission.      
                                                                                    
            Members of the public who wish to participate in the meeting and offer public comment to the City
            Planning Commission, can either access the link located at the top of this agenda or call (213)
            338-8477 or (669) 900-9128 and use Meeting ID No. 854 8551 2730 and then press #. Press #
            again when prompted for participant ID. You may use Meeting Passcode: 187981.
                                                                                    
       4.   RECONSIDERATIONS                                                        
            a. MOTIONS TO RECONSIDER - The Commission may make a motion to reconsider a
              Commission Action on any agenda items from its previous meeting, consistently with the
              Commission Rule 8.3, provided the Commission retains jurisdiction over the matter.
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
       City Planning Commission            2                       August 26, 2021  
<PAGE BREAK>
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
            b. MERITS OF ANY ITEM THE COMMISSION HAS VOTED TO RECONSIDER – If a majority
              of the Commission has approved a motion to reconsider a Commission Action, the Commission
              may address the merits of the original Commission Action.             
                                                                                    
       5.   CONSENT CALENDAR (No Items)                                             
            Consent Calendar items are considered to be not controversial and will be treated as one agenda
            item. The Consent Calendar will be enacted by one motion. There will be no separate discussion
            of these items unless the item is removed from the Consent Calendar, in which event the item will
            be considered as time allows on the regular agenda.                     
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
       6.   CPC-2017-432-CPU                           Council Districts: 1 – Cedillo
            CPC-2014-1582-CA                                           9 – Price    
            CEQA: ENV-2017-433-EIR                                  14 – de León    
            Plan Area: Central City and Central City North **Last Day to Act: 09-15-21
            New Zoning Code: Citywide                       Continued from: 06-17-21
            Initial Public Hearing Completed – December 8, 2020                     
                                                                                    
            PUBLIC HEARING REQUIRED                                                 
                                                                                    
            *The City Planning Commission may continue this meeting to September 23, 2021 or a later
            date per a request by Council Districts 1, 9, and 14.                   
                                                                                    
            PROJECT LOCATION:                                                       
            Downtown Community Plan Area (Plan Area). The Project Area for the Downtown Plan component
            is the Central City Community Plan Area and the Central City North Community Plan Area (jointly
            referred to in this report as the “Plan Areas,” “Downtown Plan Area,” or “Plan Area”). The Central
            City and Central City North Community Plan Areas are geographically contiguous, sharing a
            common boundary along Alameda Street. The Central City Community Plan Area encompasses
            approximately 2,161 acres and is generally bounded on the north by Sunset Boulevard/Cesar
            Chavez Avenue, on the south by the Santa Monica Freeway (Interstate 10), on the west by the
            Harbor Freeway (Interstate 110), and on the east by Alameda Street. Immediately to the east of
            Alameda Street is the Central City North Community Plan Area, which encompasses
            approximately 2,005 acres and is generally bounded on the north by Stadium Way, Lilac Terrace,
            and North Broadway, on the south by the City of Vernon, on the west by Alameda Street, and on
            the east by the Los Angeles River. The Downtown Plan Area is bordered by the communities of
            Boyle Heights, Silver Lake-Echo Park, Westlake, Southeast and South Los Angeles, and the City
            of Vernon.                                                              
            New Zoning Code Project Area. The Project includes implementation of the New Zoning Code
            regulations as amendments to Chapter 1A of the LAMC. The New Zoning Code project area is
            therefore, Citywide. However, the New Zoning Code will only be made applicable within the
            Downtown Plan Area with the adoption of the Downtown Plan. While the New Zoning Code
            regulations include components necessary to make the new zoning system work, which could
            ultimately be used Citywide, such as definitions and development standards, the New Zoning Code
            provisions adopted with the Proposed Project will not be applied to areas outside of the Downtown
            Plan Area at this time and may only be applied or implemented elsewhere in the City of Los
            Angeles through the Community Plan update process or other future planning and zoning efforts.
                                                                                    
            PROPOSED PROJECT:                                                       
            The Proposed Project includes updating the Central City Community Plan and the Central City
            North Community Plan (Proposed Plan), the adoption of ordinances to implement the Proposed
            Plan (Implementing Ordinances), and amendments to other General Plan Elements to ensure
            consistency with the Proposed Plan (collectively, Proposed Project). The Proposed Plan includes
            amending the boundaries of the Central City and Central City North Community Plans to create
            the new Downtown Community Plan Area, adopting the Downtown Community Plan, a policy
                                                                                    
       City Planning Commission            3                       August 26, 2021  
<PAGE BREAK>
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
            document with the goals, policies, and programs for the Downtown Community Plan Area, and
            amending the General Plan Land Use Map to re-designate the Downtown Community Plan Area
            with new land use designations. The Implementing Ordinances, intended to allow specific uses,
            provide new development standards (including height, floor area ratio, and massing) and objective
            design standards, include the adoption of the New Zoning Code (discussed below) an ordinance
            to amend the City of Los Angeles Zoning Map to re-designate property in the Downtown Plan Area
            with the New Zoning Code classifications, a proposed Community Plan Implementation Overlay
            (CPIO) inclusive of a Community Benefits Program; amendments to the River Improvement
            Overlay (RIO) and the Greater Downtown Housing Incentive Ordinance to no longer apply to the
            Downtown Plan Area; and rescission of the Downtown Design Guide and Bunker Hill Specific Plan.
            The Implementing Ordinances also include non-zoning ordinances to implement the community
            benefit program in the CPIO, such as trust fund ordinances and a fee ordinance. Finally, the
            Proposed Project includes amendments to the Framework Element and the Mobility Plan 2035 to
            ensure consistency with the Proposed Plan.                              
                                                                                    
            The component of the Proposed Project to adopt or amend the new Chapter 1A to the Los Angeles
            Municipal Code (LAMC) is referred to in this report as the “New Zoning Code”; the Processes and
            Procedures Ordinance (CPC-2016-3182-CA) is currently anticipated to establish this new Chapter
            1A. This action will create a new zoning system in Chapter 1A of the LAMC for the Downtown Plan
            Area. The current Zoning Code, Chapter 1 (General Provisions and Zoning) of the LAMC, and all
            of its provisions will continue to apply to areas where the new zoning has not been applied.
                                                                                    
            Implementation of the New Zoning Code outside the Downtown Plan Area will occur through future
            zone changes to re-designate land utilizing the zoning districts and other planning tools,
            established in the New Zoning Code through the Community Plan update process, or other future
            planning and zoning efforts.                                            
            REQUESTED ACTIONS:                                                      
            1. Conduct a public hearing on the Proposed Project;                    
                                                                                    
            2. Approve the Staff Recommendation Report as the Commission Report;    
            3. Approve and Recommend that the City Council adopt the Findings in the Staff
               Recommendation Report, and direct staff to prepare Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
               Findings, a Statement of Overriding Considerations, and a Mitigation Monitoring Program
               (MMP) for City Council consideration;                                
            4. Recommend that the City Council instruct the Director of City Planning to adopt
               Environmental Protection Measures pursuant to Division 4C.12 (Environmental Protection)
               of the new Zoning Code as appropriate to implement the MMP;          
            5. Find the City Planning Commission has reviewed the Draft EIR (City EIR No. ENV-2017-
               433-EIR and State Clearinghouse No. 2017021024), as shown in Exhibit A.8;
            6. Recommend the City Council adopt the Resolution in Exhibit A to certify the EIR, adopt EIR
               Findings and a Statement of Overriding Considerations, and adopt a Mitigation Monitoring
               Program;                                                             
            7. Approve and Recommend that the Mayor approve and the City Council adopt, pursuant to
               LAMC Section 11.5.6 and City Charter Section 555, the attached Resolution in Exhibit A to
               amend the General Plan as follows:                                   
               a. Amend the General Plan Land Use Element and adopt the Plan Boundary Change Map
                  to consolidate the Central City Community Plan area and Central City North Community
                  Plan area into the new Downtown Plan Area as shown in Exhibit A.5; adopt the
                  Downtown Community Plan as shown in Exhibit A.1; and adopt the General Plan Land
                  Use Map for the Downtown Community Plan, inclusive of Symbols, Footnotes, and
                  Corresponding Zone and Land Use Nomenclature as shown in Exhibit A.3, and the
                  General Plan Land Use Change Maps and Matrices as shown in Exhibit A.4;
               b. Amend the Mobility Plan 2035 to reclassify selected streets and Enhanced Networks,
                  as shown in Exhibit A.7; and                                      
               c. Amend the Citywide General Plan Framework Element, as shown in Exhibit A.6;
           8.  Approve and Recommend that pursuant to LAMC Sections 12.04 and 12.32 and City Charter
       City Planning Commission            4                       August 26, 2021  
<PAGE BREAK>
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
               Section 558, the City Council Adopt the draft ordinance to amend the Zoning Map, as shown
               in Exhibit B.2 (Zone Change Maps and Matrices);                      
           9.  Approve and Recommend that pursuant to LAMC Sections 12.04, 12.32, 13.14.C and City
               Charter Section 558, the City Council Adopt the proposed Downtown Community Plan
               Implementation Overlay (CPIO) District Ordinance as shown in Exhibit B.1;
           10. Approve and Recommend that the City Council Adopt the proposed Downtown Community
               Benefits Trust Fund Ordinance, the Downtown Community Benefits Fee Ordinance, and
               Downtown Affordable Housing Trust Fund Ordinance as shown in Exhibits B.3, B.4, and B.7;
           11. Approve and Recommend that the City Council pursuant to LAMC Section 12.32.S and City
               Charter Section 558 Adopt the proposed ordinance to amend the River Improvement
               Overlay (RIO) District Ordinance and Greater Downtown Housing Incentive Ordinance as
               shown in Exhibits B.5 and B.6;                                       
           12. Approve and Recommend that the City Council Adopt the proposed Ordinance to rescind
               the Bunker Hill Specific Plan and Downtown Design Guide as shown in Exhibit B.8;
           13. Approve and Recommend that the City Council pursuant to LAMC Section 12.32 and City
               Charter Section 558 Adopt the proposed Pipeline Parking Alignment Ordinance as shown in
               Exhibit B.9;                                                         
           14. Approve and Recommend that the City Council pursuant to LAMC Section 12.32 and City
               Charter Section 558 Adopt the proposed Community Plan Consolidation Ordinance as
               shown in Exhibit B.10;                                               
           15. Authorize the Director of Planning to present the resolutions and proposed General Plan
               amendments (Exhibits A.1, A.3, A.4, and A.5, A.6 and A.7) to the Mayor and City Council,
               in accordance with City Charter Section 555 and LAMC Section 11.5.6, and the proposed
               zoning ordinances (Exhibit B.1-B.10 and C.1 and C.3) to the City Council, in accordance
               with City Charter Section 558 and LAMC Section 12.32; and            
           16. Approve and Recommend that the City Council adopt the New Zoning Code Ordinance to
               Amend Chapter 1A of the Los Angeles Municipal Code (“New Zoning Code”) to add new
               Articles 1 through 12, and Articles 14 and 15, amend Article 13, and Adopt the accompanying
               Zoning Code Maps established in Division 1.4. (Zoning Code Maps) of Article 1 of the New
               Zoning Code (Exhibits C.1. and C.3.).                                
                                                                                    
            *Note that references to processes in Chapter 1 of the LAMC may be updated upon adoption of
            the Processes and Procedures Ordinance (Council File 12-0460-S4), should it be adopted prior
            to City Council’s adoption of the Proposed Project.                     
                                                                                    
            Applicant: City of Los Angeles                                          
                                                                                    
            Staff:    Brittany Arceneaux, City Planner                              
                      brittany.arceneaux@lacity.org                                 
                      (213) 978-1911                                                
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                         The next meeting of the City Planning Commission           
                      will be held at 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, September 9, 2021      
                                                                                    
       **Pursuant to Mayor Garcetti’s Emergency Order issued on March 21, 2020, which was subsequently
       extended on April 17, 2020, the time to act on this item has been tolled for the duration of the local
       emergency period. Please note that other State law provisions may also apply.
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                Notice to paid Representatives:                     
       If you are compensated to monitor, attend, or speak at this meeting, City law may require you to register as a lobbyist
       and report your activity. See Los Angeles Municipal Code §§ 48.01 et seq. More information is available at
       ethics.lacity.org/lobbying. For assistance, please contact the Ethics Commission at (213) 978-1960.
                  Reasonable Accommodations Consistent with Federal and State Law and
                                                                                    
       City Planning Commission            5                       August 26, 2021  
<PAGE BREAK>
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                           California Governor’s Executive Order N-29-20            
       As a covered entity under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the City of Los Angeles does not discriminate
       on the basis of disability and, upon request, will provide reasonable accommodations to ensure equal access to its
       programs, services and activities. Sign language interpreters, assistive listening devices, or other auxiliary aids
       and/or services may be provided upon request. To ensure availability, your request should be received no later than
       three working days (72 hours) in advance of the need. For more information please call the Commission Executive
       Assistant at (213) 978-1299 or by e-mail at cpc@lacity.org.                  
                                                                                    
                              Telecommunication Relay Services                      
       Telephone communication is one of the most important forms of communication in society today. Due to
       advancements in technology, telephone devices have evolved with new services and capabilities. Individuals who
       are deaf and hard of hearing, and individuals with a speech disability are following these trends and are rapidly
       migrating to more advanced telecommunications methods, both for peer-to-peer and third-party telecommunications
       relay service (TRS) communications.                                          
                                                                                    
       Telecommunications Relay Service is a telephone service that allows persons with hearing or speech disabilities to
       place and receive telephone calls. TRS is available in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the
       U.S. territories for local and/or long distance calls. TRS providers - generally telephone companies - are
       compensated for the costs of providing TRS from either a state or a federal fund. There is no cost to the TRS user.
       What forms of TRS are available? There are several forms of TRS, depending on the particular needs of the user
       and the equipment available: TRS includes: Text to Voice TIY-Based TRS; Speech-to-Speech Relay Service; Shared
       Non-English Language Relay Service; Captioned Telephone Relay Service; Internet Protocol Relay Service; and
       Video    Relay   Service.   Please   visit   this   site    for    detail    
       descriptions, https://www.fcc.gov/consumers/guides/telecommunications-relay-service-trs.
       Don't hang up! Some people hang up on TRS calls because they think the CA is a telemarketer. If you hear, "Hello.
       This is the relay service..." when you pick up the phone, please don't hang up! You are about to talk, through a TRS
       provider, to a person who is deaf, hard-of-hearing, or has a speech disability.
                                                                                    
       For more information about FCC programs to promote access to telecommunications services for people with
       disabilities, visit the FCC's Disability Rights Office website.              
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
       City Planning Commission            6                       August 26, 2021  